Good evening Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California, how is everybody doing tonight?
Hear ye, hear ye, Harmontown is now in session, please for your absolute delight in abject
entertainment, please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Now I'm slipping on the street, and I'm slipping on the hill, and I'm looking for a lover.
Thank you very much.
I'm looking, looking, looking for a lover.
Thank you.
I thank you, I thank you.
I'd like to thank Jeff Davis for Comptrolling again tonight, thank you Jeff for coming back.
And now for those of you who were here and listened to it, Erin McGathy as guest Comptroller last week,
she did alright.
It was really, it was adorable.
She had her moments.
It was adorable.
It was a different dynamic, most assuredly.
Because we're not fucking.
Right.
I saw recently on Apple TV, the gray was on with Liam Neeson, it's Liam Neeson fights wolves.
Anybody by applause, anybody has seen this movie?
No.
Like a good eight to ten people.
Yeah.
I have not seen this movie.
Liam Neeson is a professional wolf hunter for a corporation.
He's on a plane, it goes down.
He spends the rest of the movie with like nine guys that slowly get picked off one by one by these wolves that are around him.
I imagine the, you know, the luck of being a wolf hunter and then you're, you know, he didn't,
they didn't go down in the water, thank God, or he would have been like, I don't know what the fuck's going on.
No, he knew exactly what was going on.
And he wasn't very encouraging to the other people.
He was very informative about wolves.
And I just, I've been talking like Liam Neeson about wolves like through the last two weeks about everything.
When I'm making a sandwich, if somebody says like, is there mustard to go, they don't give a fuck about mustard.
They're killing machines.
And if they've got cubs and we're within 150 yards of them, we're already dead.
I have a question because I've not seen this film.
So what's your question?
Can I ask you, Liam Neeson, some questions about the movie that you're...
Your questions don't matter.
We're surrounded by biological killing machines.
But go ahead.
If you're a wolf hunter, how come everybody keeps dying?
Shouldn't you be the right answer?
I'm not a wolf hunter.
Wolves are the hunters.
They aren't hunted.
They don't give a fuck what we do.
They've been around for five billion more years than us.
They've got a mouthful of weapons.
They've got six legs.
The whole movie takes place in the Arctic, somewhere called...
They just keep walking and building fires and he keeps explaining how fucked they are.
I never watched the end because I know from the trailer that he glues glass to his fists
and faces off with what's probably the last wolf.
I saw that in the trailer.
I just watched an hour and a half of him telling everyone they're fucked.
And that nothing they say matters.
In the first act, there's a guy that's like,
So what kind of wolves are these, man? What do they eat like herbivores? They eat like nuts and berries?
They don't give a fuck about nuts and berries.
That's a real line from the movie.
The word fuck is in that movie more than anything.
More than a Scorsese film.
Everyone's saying fuck in ways that you never even heard the word fuck used.
They're just past the fuck salt.
There is no fucking salt.
We're in a frozen sea surrounded by killers.
They've got a kill range of 300 kilometers.
If we're in within half of that and they've got cubs, we're already dead.
How did...
I have questions about that.
I want...
Well, I don't want to see the movie.
The movie doesn't matter.
Do you think these things give a fuck what you watch on a screen?
They just want to eat your face.
They can see you 300% further than you can see them.
Their eyes are like microscopes and telescopes taped to each other.
Their noses are sharper than their teeth.
Their noses are sharper than their teeth?
Yes.
Who would win in a fight, a bear or a wolf?
They fight. They hunt.
Sorry, what was the rest of the question?
I got distracted by something I could dismiss.
I think wolf versus bear.
They're not wolves. Oh, I'm sorry, they are.
Sorry, I got a jump the gun.
Our guns don't matter.
But I jumped them.
I can't verify it because I don't think I've seen enough of this film
to know if you're doing a good Liam Neeson impression right now.
This is pretty good.
Is it good?
It's pretty early in the night for the audience to be sarcastic.
Those of you who were here last week, I bet none of you were here last week
because I went headlong for Inception's throat.
Like an angry wolf.
And you could feel the rift between me and the flock.
Bo Peep almost got sheaped to death.
I was listening to the podcast version of it.
I didn't sense that the audience was disgruntled by your hatred.
It's their faces. You see their faces.
Just watch you at home that are listening on the podcast.
You won't be able to participate in this.
Jeff, you focus on them.
I don't know. Inception?
It's kind of dumb.
Look at that guy.
He looks horrified.
But Harmontown is a plan that we have to form a colony.
We don't want to be dire about this.
We don't feel like the world is ending terribly soon.
It's not a huge emergency.
But it takes a long time to start a city of people who can carry humanity's torch.
So what we want to try to do, probably on the moon,
I keep thinking it's got to be on the moon because I just don't know
there's no place in Texas that's going to let us do this.
And I don't want to go anywhere where there's mosquitoes.
They tried that once and the ATF came down pretty hard.
Yeah, don't groan it.
I mean, groan the government.
It's bad form to burn people alive.
It's a terrible, terrible way to govern.
I feel like it is too, actually.
We have to talk about religion. We have to talk about politics.
We have to talk about what we would do with our unseemly citizenry.
What do you do if somebody does something you don't like?
It's going to happen in a room full of 200 people.
You, sir, do something that nobody likes.
Fuck Batman.
He said fuck Batman.
I like that.
Now what do we do?
Now what do we do with him?
We fuck him.
An eye for an eye.
Fuck him?
Yeah, you fuck Batman. We fuck you.
It's not that hard, governments.
We figured it out. That's it.
Now what do we do? Let's play charades.
Also, a lot of my answers are, I'm just going to fuck you.
Thank you for doing that. That's not easy to be called upon.
I'm like a drowning man in a pool. You don't have to applaud him. That's ridiculous.
You can if you want to, but don't ever do anything here that you feel compelled to do.
That's bad governing.
Did you not like the new Batman?
I haven't seen it either. I've given up on movies.
I don't even want to go to them anymore.
You didn't like the new Batman. I haven't heard anything good about it.
It was silly.
Silly.
It's silly, he says.
We should give this guy an identity. What's your name?
Max.
She can have a microphone for fuck's sake.
Well, you can have one if you want.
Well, here's a Batman we can talk about because a lot of you people didn't even see it
and the ones who did probably blocked it out.
The Tommy Lee Jones Two-Face.
I was explaining this to my 27-year-old girlfriend today.
It was like explaining Korea or something.
She was going, what? Come on.
Batman was sitting in the courtroom?
Wait, is this hanging out?
She started laughing.
We were actually watching the second Batman.
Everybody agrees.
It's a pretty, well, it's certainly the best Batman movie we've ever seen.
Do you think it's like Korea in that north and south that it's divided like Two-Face?
No.
No, no, no.
Down the middle of his face, there's the 30th parallel of...
No, I apologize.
I'm all over the place tonight.
I meant like I'm like an old veteran and I'm going, well, she's going, what were you
finding about Grandpa?
I'm like, well, we wanted the Korea to be different.
Well, who gives a shit about Korea now?
I don't know.
We gave a shit back then.
What if the character of Two-Face was actually a trenchant commentary on the Korean conflict?
I don't remember which movie it was.
It was either...
I think it was the Danny DeVito as the Penguin one.
I think it was still Michael Cheaton was Batman sitting in the courtroom in his Batman outfit.
And they show the origin of Two-Face in the form of a newsreel.
And Tommy Lee Jones is questioning a mob guy.
And the mob guy doesn't like the way it's going.
So he pulls out, as they do, a jar of acid from his, you know, the pocket of his double-breasted
suit coat, your jar of pocket.
And he flings it at Tommy Lee Jones, who, it's a visual thing.
I'll do what he did visually first.
He uses a manila folder to block exactly half his face.
And that's how he became Two-Face.
And he has a contentious relationship with Batman as Aaron Eckhart's Two-Face does with
Christian Bale's Batman.
In this version, just because, well, where were you when I got that acid on half of my face?
And the answer is, I was sitting there in the courtroom and I just couldn't get over the gallery thing.
Like, they show a shot of Batman trying to get over the courtroom, like, little people's court flappy door.
It couldn't be more ridiculous.
You have to show Batman, like, taking a shit to ruin the mythology more for nerds.
Like, we just sat there in the theater and looked at Schrab and Schrab looked at me and we just, we started making out.
I understand the appeal of Batman.
Somewhere in our heart, we want a guy out there that's, like, rich, which represents the fact that America, it does work.
It's okay to be capitalist.
But, you know, we need a hero, we need a Prometheus who uses his godlike powers to, you know, uphold our value system.
But, Max, you said the new one is silly.
Yes, it's a little silly.
They're not taking it seriously enough.
Well, maybe a little too serious.
Oh, okay, okay.
You know what Liam Neeson would say about Batman?
Doesn't matter.
I'm determined that Liam Neeson pays off at some point tonight.
He probably will.
There's no payoff.
You're not going to get paid, you're going to get eaten.
It's a weird crowd tonight.
I'm going to blame them.
I blame them.
I don't know what they did wrong.
I don't know what you guys did.
I kind of blame myself.
I feel like I blew it by leaving town for one week and the continuity's just gone to shit.
They're expecting that.
They're like, where's this show that I got all excited about where the couple bitches at each other?
And then they bring other couples up and ruin.
Can I, I was out of town.
I hang out with Aaron and Dan quite a bit.
And I see them, they have the little moments of cuddling and schmoopy schmoops.
And then they frequently have their moments when you're at the great Greek having Greek food
and they're fighting about the new improv idea that we have for 40 minutes.
And it's an impenetrable, lonely place to be sitting across the table from them.
And then I justifying exit and I have a loser with a guy named Nikos.
And I come back and they're still talking about the improv group.
And then one of them goes to the bathroom and I depose that person and say,
is this better or worse than being alone?
And then they pause for eight and a half seconds.
And in that pause, I leave and have another Uzo with Nikos.
And I come back and there's no answer.
And then they come back and you guys are making out and you guys look so happy together.
And then you probably go home and have the worst sex of your lives.
Yeah, I have no qualification for that.
That's true.
So after that podcast, because there was a moment, you guys were very self-revolatory.
And then what happened after that podcast?
You guys go home and you got to go to Baskin Robbins on Sunday and you go home and...
Yeah, that's just, it wasn't really revelatory.
I'm dating me now.
I'm dating myself with red hair.
I'm dating another person that's like me.
We don't balance each other out.
We just sink every boat that we step onto.
Because we just go straight to the asshole section, which is...
There's only one seat there.
We sit on each other.
We argue about it as we sink.
We don't call the stern of the boat the asshole section.
But you know, who wants to die alone?
That sounds, you know...
Me!
I see it at the finish line.
I don't know.
When I'm alone, I'm not alive.
I don't know that I exist when I'm alone.
I feel like there's a swarm of black CGI insects eating my fucking skeleton from under my skin.
I feel like something wrong is happening.
That's when I'm feeling anything.
I just don't feel like I exist.
I'm a mouth with a brain on it.
And two little legs to walk it around and make people listen to my bullshit.
If I'm just walking around an empty house, I can't talk to anybody.
I'm not alive.
You don't talk to yourself when you're at home?
I haven't had enough experience with it.
But no, I don't.
I'll maybe mutter something.
My bathtub's not working.
How am I gonna make the jets shoot up my ass?
I don't know.
Where did I put that mannequin leg?
Can't find it.
Frickin' Frickin' Frickin' Frickin' Frickin' Frickin' Frickin' Frickin' Frickin'.
I just do Hannah Barbera mumbles.
Frickin' Frickin'.
I don't get it.
I don't get it either, but I know, I know what I like.
Like a good woman to hate me.
No, we love each other.
Now we're gonna get a big fight about,
Erin takes everything I say,
not everything I say very seriously.
Erin and I get in fights sometimes about,
For those of you listening in podcast lens,
she's in row two, seat F.
When I'm stuck, I stand up here for an hour
and I went, for those of you who are new here tonight,
in case you haven't figured this out,
what I do in the show is,
I stand up here for an hour and waste everyone's time.
While I'm doing that,
I say whatever I could possibly think to say
to make you not get mad at me and throw a rock at me.
So in scrambling to say things that get rocks
not thrown at me,
I sometimes will say something that in the drive home,
like Erin, I'm going,
so you like raspberries, huh?
I don't know, I just seem like the funnier word to use.
Well, you know, raspberries, you know,
you called me that when you were mad at me.
That was a terrible example.
I didn't, why didn't I?
It's stupid, I'm the,
is this the worst Harmontown show ever so far?
Okay.
Well, maybe we should talk about that.
That's the, let's go where the energy is.
Let's wallow.
I can answer your job related questions.
I can answer questions that you raise your hand
and shout out.
I can arm wrestle one of you.
Or we can talk about the fact that the show sucks tonight
since that's in the air.
We have a quorum, arm wrestle, arm wrestle this.
Who wants to arm wrestle?
All right.
What is your name, sir?
B.J.
You have a, you have a,
what could only be described as a fuchsia hat on.
I don't know what renaissance fair
you were recently expelled from,
but I'm glad you could take time out of your busy swash
buckling career to challenge.
You need like a big ostrich plume.
I think that would really put it over the edge.
Nice first.
Nice first, he's getting heckled.
It doesn't deserve that because for those of you listening
in podcast form a guy came up to arm wrestle me
that is already a better show.
Just when he woke up this morning than anything that.
I guess I have to do the Vince Cully check her
and play by play on this one.
Well, there's a man on stage right now wearing
a smart little leather purse kind of,
it's kind of like a Louis Vuitton kind of thing.
It's got a gold chain.
No, it's not.
It's gold.
It's what?
He has a golden satchel.
He has a ladies scarf from season four of the Love Boats.
He has a shirt that says a wicked lot of laughter,
which I guess you're recently at a Boston Comedy Festival.
I would imagine from that.
He's wearing sky blue crocs
and I'm not fucking joking podcast.
The man, it's complicated.
He's got big hair, he looks like John the Baptist
from Rembrandt's Decapitation.
And I'm really gonna throw a fucking wrench in this thing.
He's put his left hand up on the stool.
Oh, oh shit, okay.
Yeah, we're going lefty on this one.
Are you lefty, PJ?
No, you're not.
Have I taken time out of this yet
to describe his turquoise, Varney, ironic glasses?
Look, believe me, I'm all for it.
This is fucking fantastic stuff.
Is anyone taking photos?
I want this on Instagram immediately.
All right, you call the go.
I'm gonna put my hand on top of both of your hands here.
Two great competitors for a worthy cause.
When I take my hand off,
I want you to begin the first person
to put somebody over the edge of the stool.
Set the tone for the rest of what may be the worst
or best Harmontown.
Okay.
And begin.
Okay, let's make it for 50 bucks.
He's kind of a stalemate.
He's purposely, he's thinking,
I can't win because then I'm an enemy of the show.
No, no, he's toying with you.
Trying to make it interesting.
He has a bracelet on in between.
He went to a club last night or recently gave blood.
So maybe.
Have I described, he's got a fucking violet hat on.
Violet, violet, he looks like Miss Marple.
No, what would he look like?
What does he look like?
He's just fucking with you.
I can't, we're just both.
Finish him, BJ, finish him.
Finish him, BJ.
Yeah!
Carmen!
They're cheering over nothing.
They're still locked right at the top.
It's been the Eiffel fucking tower of the empire.
Carmen!
BJ!
Gold purse!
Complicated outfit!
This is okay.
Oh my God!
Day three.
Oh!
How is it?
Dan took his scarf off.
Dan removed his scarf.
It's like Samson's hair.
Oh, it's like a scarf!
Dan has put the guy's hat on his own head.
Oh my God!
Now Dan looks like he's going to solve
a crime in Victorian England.
They're hands are going to fall on him.
Jesus, day three.
I propose we work together.
Work together.
He nodded, he nodded.
He nodded, it's a tie.
It's a fuzz, it's a tie.
Oh, very noble of you, BJ.
Very noble of you.
See, you know what I mean?
I guess on the moon,
Harmontown is just going to be a bunch of
puzzies that give up in the middle of a fight.
When we get attacked by Mars,
we're just going to go fuck it, you guys,
whatever you want.
BJ, everybody, BJ!
Thank you, BJ.
Dan, I hate to tell you this.
He was never here.
We all just imagined that.
That is someone I didn't vet.
But then, but then,
so he would go, you know,
make it grounded, will you?
That's how we'll settle just be,
it's a little bit easier on the moon
because it's one sixth the gravity.
Jesus, we were both trying not to win kind of.
And who do you think actually had, to be honest?
Who, who what?
Who do you think actually would have taken
that one if it had been like anybody
that's ever arm wrestled me would win?
I've never, I couldn't do a pullup
in grade school.
I was always like,
did everybody go to grade schools
where they made you do pullups?
Like the gym pass, like,
it's my imagination,
I don't want to insult you guys,
but I would like to think that everyone
in a Harmontown town meeting
is all of the people who couldn't do one pullup.
And we want to prove that you don't need to.
What it should say in Latin on the flag is
our gym teacher was wrong, people die of heart attacks
every day, some of them were good at football,
some of them weren't.
Like it has no bearing on lifespan,
no tax bracket, it doesn't,
it's just some shit that we were doing back then
to just make everyone uncomfortable and kill time.
I, I, they should have,
they should have,
they should have let us play Dungeons and Dragons more.
I don't need to bait you guys,
but I'm a little winded by that experience.
Somebody ask me the most embarrassing thing in the world.
What's your favorite D&D character?
What was my favorite, like the one that I played?
What is your favorite,
what is Dan, just to repeat in case we don't pick this up
over podcast, what is Dan's favorite D&D character?
I, my character that I played was named Jim Nightblade.
And I was always partial to the throwing knife type,
the thief, the assassin.
Could you describe to me your, your Dungeon Master?
Did you have a good one?
Yes, Graham was the name of our Dungeon Master.
He's the greatest Dungeon Master that ever lived.
He, because he was just insanely like smart and, and like he,
Graham, Graham had hair down to his shoulders.
He never washed it and this was before a Weezer.
So it mattered.
They had these big thick brown frame glasses and his,
he's, he only had like eight shirts and they were all from
different state parks.
Like cause he was, it was obvious that like he had to kind of
like adventure nature fixation.
I think it was like his dad, maybe just like flew the coop
and like, he pictured him out there like climbing mountains
and sandals or something.
And he kind of like, he had this, he had all these t-shirts
that would have like a howling wolf on them.
And I would say Montana or, or the,
and then the next one would be, it would just say Alaska
and there'd be two owls on a branch.
Those were all his t-shirts, but they all had that.
But they all had permanent sweat stains in the armpits.
And the, and the kids in school would just,
they would, their whole four year high school experience
was just the only thing that they got from Graham.
I got worlds that he created with his mind and had a,
had a whole, a whole birth as a human being courtesy of Graham.
For the rest of the high school kids,
they were just, they just figured out 90 ways to trick
someone into raising their arms so they could laugh at his,
they'd go, hey, what's, where are the lights?
Where are the lights?
Oh, they're up there.
Look, there's a sweat stain in his armpit.
Yeah, God, when is that gonna get tired?
But he, he carried a woman's briefcase everywhere he went.
Because it didn't-
B.J.
He, he fetishized Spock from old school Star Trek.
Like he, he really, as a lot of like super nerds do,
like they latch onto Spock or data if they're younger,
because it's like, it's logic.
Instead of like all these trappings,
like all this shit that makes no sense.
Like, can you dribble a basketball and what are you,
why are you, no white pants after Labor Day or whatever,
the fuck, the stuff, there's nothing logical about it.
So you escape into this idea that you're just pure brain.
And that's what, that's what Graham was.
And, and he could have gotten a man's briefcase
if he had wanted to.
But he, he, he, that wouldn't have been logical.
Why would he buy a man's briefcase to appease
like some kind of weird.
So he just walked around with this-
What was in the briefcase?
Dungeons and Dragons equipment.
And, and all of his perfect homework assignments
that he probably did on the bus with his,
with his mind in a, in a, in a laser pencil.
Do we know where he is now?
Have you, have you followed up with this guy?
He ended up going to MIT.
Either that or it was a pathological liar.
But, but he said, I think, I think he always wanted
to go to MIT and I think he got accepted there.
And I never, I never really saw him again.
Actually I did.
I was in my twenties.
He came and hung out and he had a big tank
of nitrous oxide in the back of a pickup truck.
And a garbage bag and we just-
Maybe he was a dentist?
We just, we just, we just huffed nitrous all night
out of a big giant plastic bag and talked about science.
And then he left again.
He was like, he was like Lazlo in real genius.
He was like-
That's why I picture him.
I'm picturing that.
That's a good, that's a good image to have.
I don't know if he could pull off that beard,
but he was, but yeah.
He was the greatest Dungeon Master in the world.
What makes you a good Dungeon Master?
You have to be, you have to be the world's biggest nerd
and strangely arrogant about it.
You have to like, you have to be so proud
of like how smart and logical you are.
Didn't we try to play this as adults,
but with your-
Yeah, I tried to Dungeon Master.
It was terrible.
It was the worst.
You think you would be good at being a Dungeon Master?
No.
You're an arrogant nerd.
I am, but not arrogant enough.
Just, just, I don't know.
Maybe I spoke too much pot in my life or something.
I don't know what it is.
I'm not good at it.
I worry too much about what people think about me.
That's what it is.
You can't be a good Dungeon Master
if you're worried about doing a good job as a Dungeon Master.
Did everybody got that?
Anybody else have another question?
You want something embarrassing again?
Yeah, try to dig deep, man.
Fucking-
Trying to embarrass you.
Yeah, make this a memorable night
so that you, when you walk out of here, you don't go,
ah, I was at the shitty Harmontown.
You go, ah, I was at the one
where fucking a pedophile tried to attack Dan
and then they wrestled each other to the ground
and then he took off the pedophile's mask.
He wasn't a pedophile.
He just had a purple hat on.
Oh, that's not what I did.
Oh, sorry, BJ.
I wasn't referring to you.
Wow.
Jesus.
Terrible.
I saw a hand shoot up over there.
Oh, that was BJ waving.
Okay.
Anybody?
I'm not an underage child, BJ.
Stop waving at me.
I went back there, yes?
What's the most embarrassing thing you did as a kid?
The most embarrassing thing you've done as a kid?
Aside from constantly shitting my pants,
just constantly.
What do you mean constantly shitting your pants?
Just all the time, just always pooping my pants.
Was that, is that a medical condition?
Is that a thing?
I don't know.
I just, I would, I would, I just,
I didn't like to go to the bathroom and,
oh, there's your problem.
You know, like when you're a kid,
I don't know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to put this off
on you guys, if this, you didn't have a similar experience,
but when you're a kid and you're just learning to poop,
but you're also learning to read.
Learning to poop.
And sometimes you're sitting there reading a book,
like I used to just sit cross-legged on the floor,
I'd be reading a book and then I'd feel like,
ah, I gotta take a shit.
Get up.
Now, get up.
It's Asimov.
I'm not gonna get up.
I wanna finish reading iRobot.
It's amazing.
You're still gonna be seated when you read.
I didn't get that part.
I didn't understand that.
I just would shit my pants.
You're saying you were that into that book
or you were that that lazy or what's that?
I don't, I can't, I can't, I don't really.
Maybe you just have a weird butt.
Maybe I have less muscle control.
I don't know, kids do, kids shit their pants, man.
You're acting like, you're acting like they don't and they do.
Kids shit their pants.
I'm not just playing like the foil to you right now.
I've never heard of anyone that constantly shit their pants.
Old people.
Not the little people.
Do you remember when we had Adam come up
and read that email from my brother?
Remember that?
Yes.
And he referred to a story that my mom told
about how they used to put me in a closet
when I was a kid with books.
That's a reference to, when I was in kindergarten,
I already knew how to read
and they wanted to know how well I could read
because I came into kindergarten, I can read.
So they would, this was in the 70s,
they didn't, it wasn't politically incorrect
to like track kids and stuff.
If you were, they wanted to know who's smart,
who's dumb, how smart are you,
how smart can you be and all that stuff.
We later realized it's kind of a fucked up thing to do.
But back then in the 70s, it was, it was the Wild West.
Everyone was looking for a meteor man.
And I could read, so they would take me,
this lady, Miss Piana would come
and she would get me, all the kids would start playing
with blocks and stuff and then this beautiful,
I remember it was beautiful and tall,
but it was probably the third woman I'd ever seen
and I was two feet tall.
So, and she would take me to this closet.
It was like a storage closet filled with all these books
and like overhead projectors and stuff.
And then she, it's not like they could devote resources
to that, so they would just sit there.
So she would put a book in front of me
and she'd go read this chapter
and then answer the questions at the end of it.
Give me a piece of paper.
She would separate you from the rest of the kids.
Yeah.
Put you in a room.
It turned out to be a great idea.
It looked like the Count of Money Cristo in there.
Yeah, yeah.
So the kids loved me for it.
It was great.
Because I would come back to recess
and they'd be like, oh, it's our hero.
It's the, please, please.
We were just learning football.
Let us catch you up on things.
No, it was, I'm not complaining.
I got to read a lot of dumb shit
about that nothing I can remember.
But they would go, okay,
and then fill out this thing after you finish reading it.
But then she'd take off.
So that just reminded me of that thing
because I had to pee really bad,
but I was in kindergarten.
I never had gone pee without somebody
helping me go pee before.
And so she told me when the bell rings,
you can go to lunch.
And for some reason I knew what that meant
that I would be able to get up out of the chair
and go to lunch.
But she never came back.
And I had to pee really bad.
And I couldn't tell time.
So I just knew I was waiting for this bell to ring
so I could get up and go to lunch.
And then maybe I could get someone to help me pee.
But I just stared at this clock.
And I never knew, and then I was just like,
you know, if you've ever tried to hold your pee,
like, and then when you're a little kid,
you're a little bladder.
It hasn't fought any dragons yet, you know?
You haven't gone to your frat parties or anything.
It's just a little muscle, just like trying to hold it
on those Flintstones vitamins and things.
And so I just stared at this mysterious circular dial.
And then the bell never rang.
And then I was just like, all right, here goes nothing.
And I just pissed myself.
And as I was pissing, I don't know if it's the same for women.
But once you start, you can't just, it's not like a valve.
It's like Pringles.
Start, and then it's like Pringles.
It's a lot like Pringles.
Once you pop, yeah.
So yeah, at the apex of me relieving myself
in my little Oshkosh bagash overalls
with a little iron on D on the front of them, for real,
which I called my D pants.
My mom made them on a red denim.
And they had a little blue sunflower, cornflower blue D
and a little, and I called them my D pants.
And I always wanted to wear them.
And so these are what I'm pissing in.
And the bell's ringing while I'm,
and so now the bell rang so now I can leave.
So I just remember getting up and just looking back
at this chair in the middle of a storage closet
with a big puddle of piss around it.
And kind of going like, well, fuck her.
Clean it up.
Clean up your mess.
And then I went downstairs to lunch.
And for some reason, I thought that because it
was in my pants, I thought that the semantics of peeing
in your pants somehow applied to the privacy
and the containment.
I didn't understand yet that it's darker where all the pee is.
And it looks like I just rode a horse made of spray paint.
You know, I'm just down in the lunch line.
And there's just, I'm wearing my little red denim pants.
And I just have a black fucking saddle, whatever you call that.
And my brother was down there.
My big brother is five years older.
And he, you know, my brother, it's
important to have a big brother.
Like they can stick up for you to bullies and stuff like that.
And so I came down to the lunch line and my brother looked.
And we're like, Jesus Christ, did you piss your fucking pants?
And all the sixth graders are like, holy shit, he did.
They were actually more embarrassed for me than my brother.
My brother wanted to talk it out a little more.
Were you there at the price is right when the woman, Peter,
pants?
You weren't there, right?
No.
Doesn't that happen every week?
Well, we're both friends with Drew Carey.
And he just got the job.
And I wanted to go see it.
We haven't talked about this in the show before, have we?
God damn it, it was so good.
I wanted to go see Drew.
And he's like, hey, come on down to, like, price is right.
I really love doing this job.
It's really fun.
And I'm hosting this thing.
It's like a big rock concert.
It's great.
Keep talking.
We're going to drink.
All right.
Dan's going to make a drink.
And so what you're right there in the thick of it.
And it's pretty exciting.
And if anyone's ever been to the taping of that,
it's like going to like a Beatles concert.
People are so happy, and so people are screaming.
It's really delightful.
And you got a little yodeling guy that goes up the thing.
God damn it, I love that fucker.
Dan was there, like, kind of bashful.
You're getting your Plinko chips.
And you're like, is the kitty litter cost $35?
It cost $25.
And Dan's like, it cost $35.
That's the kitty litter.
I buy the same kitty litter.
I'm like, yell it out.
And Dan's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
She's looking at the audience.
You have the same kitty litter.
Hey, I don't know what that is.
You got really nervous about it, you're like, $35, $35.
And she gets it right, and it's like, it's exciting as shit.
So there's a woman that gets up there.
And she, I don't know.
I would maybe put her at 40-ish.
And probably a mom, a couple kids, and just a nice lady.
Got a little mom jeans on, a little blouse.
And she comes up and she's down in contestants' room.
I'm sitting right behind her.
And I'm sitting with a bunch of Marines.
And this woman, she's one of the first people called down.
She's there from the very beginning.
And from the get-go, she is losing her mind.
But she's also holding her crotch in the pee-pee dance
fashion.
So she's doing like that.
She's happy as can be, but she's holding her pussy.
Like a little baby holds your crotch when you try to,
you think that that can stop the flow.
And it can't, but you do your best.
It's the mind of her matter.
And she's just smiling and happy.
She overbids on the washer and dryer.
And then they go up and do that.
Then she overbids, they're underbids on the pool table.
And then they go to commercial, and she's still there.
But she now is like, every time she's still
so happy to be up there.
But now she's holding on for dear life and front and back.
So one around the front, one around the back.
She's worried that it's like whack-a-mole, that it's a.
Yeah, it's like that.
So the best game in the Price is Right universe
is, of course, Plinko.
And when you, when Plinko comes out, it's like, it's bedlam.
People go mad.
And well, first of all, you don't know.
She bids.
She wins.
She comes up on stage.
The curtain goes up.
It's Plinko.
And at that moment, when she had come up on stage,
I could see the little saddle of the spray-paint horse.
Pee-pee staying on the thing.
She had wet herself.
And she was still holding on to herself.
She had let a little go.
And the whole audience is like, ah, we got it.
Whoa.
No, sorry.
She goes up on stage.
She's one of the things she hugs Drew.
We see the pee.
I'm now embracing two Marines.
Like, we're like, we're closing ranks.
And then the Drew can't see it.
The whole audience can see that she's pissed herself
a little bit.
Then the curtain goes up and Plinko comes out.
And then it's fucking over.
She's now, she, but she's like, she just doesn't care.
She's jumping about.
She's just as happy as can be.
And she's peed herself in the whole audience
like, because you put yourself up on stage.
You're like, oh, baby, like you're on camera.
Like, like your family and like, but she just doesn't care.
So she becomes everybody's hero.
And I believe you get five little chips, right?
You get one for free.
And then you get four bid prices and things like that.
And she gets them all.
She just nails them.
That's 12.
That's 14.
That's 38.
She just nails the clock radio.
And she's got all of her chips.
And only at that moment, because Drew Carey has to follow her
up the staircase to ascend the heights of the Plinko.
Oh, that's what, that Drew's the last one to know.
Yeah, Drew's the last one to know.
Because Drew's just like, Drew's only
been hosting the show for a few months.
And he's kind of seen a lot of stuff go down.
But clearly, there's some other freeze on in the air.
It's like, something else.
He's just going, why is this woman so focused and clear headed?
And yeah, it's as if she doesn't have anything
left to care about other than getting prices right.
Also, the audience is in some weird kind of just like,
like we're all just holding on to each other.
And we just like, we want her to, we just
don't want her to be embarrassed.
We don't want to see a woman realize what's going on
and run off the stage.
And we just don't want to see something terrible happen.
So she gets up on stage, and she beats Plinko's dick
all around the fucking room.
It's just fucking 10,000, 5,000, 10,000, 2,000.
She just lights it up.
And she won, I think, the second most money in Plinko history.
And Drew is the last person up the stairs.
And he finally figured out what was going on in the room.
And he goes, all right, so and so.
Up the stairs, oh, boy.
Because he was absolutely eye level with her pants.
And he goes, OK, let's just sketch you up here
and face in the other direction.
And they're like, he got it.
They took her backstage.
I don't know if they gave her a new pair of pants,
or they gave her a hairdryer.
But she came out, she won the fucking Showcase Showdown,
and the entire building was chanting her name.
Because, yeah, and I wish I could remember.
I wouldn't repeat it.
But God fucking bless you for peeing your pants
and not caring.
That's cool.
None of us would do it.
All right.
What is your advice, writes an audience member,
for screenwriters looking to get into writing for TV?
Obviously, I'm the last person you should be asking.
That's not true, because you have shows.
Well, I got it.
I remember what I did.
Yeah, I just don't do what I did afterward.
How do you get into it?
Don't.
I swear to God, this is going to sound like a glib, jaded thing.
But I swear to God, it's my honest answer.
It's not a jaded, cynical thing.
Like, it's going to sound, don't have an idea.
Like, like, like, like that much.
Like, like, don't.
Community wasn't.
It's just cheers.
It's just taxed.
TV is not.
We're not going to a sitcom to, like, have our minds blown
by the concept of the sitcom.
That's my best advice for TV, because I think too many people
make that mistake.
Science fiction, maybe, if you want to do a sci-fi drama,
then maybe what's drawing people in.
I haven't never written that stuff or pitched that stuff
to anybody, so.
But you're about to go back into the market potentially
and write another half hour show, right?
Yeah, I'm closing some deals.
But do you have ideas, or are you going to?
No, absolutely not.
And I would be a bad sitcom writer if I had any ideas.
My ideas start because the system is,
it's got its own momentum.
And the tough thing for TV writers to learn
is that you want to, yeah, it's really important
to be super talented.
That's fantastic if you can manage that.
But what you really need to do is, like,
understand that everyone wants to help,
and they're all getting paid a lot of money to help.
So just work less and think less.
You're going to be just as talented a writer
whether you think a long time about what you want to write
or not.
What you're being paid to do is be smart on paper
and the execution of a script.
But they want to say, could he work at a pickle store?
Just say yes.
Yes.
The answer is yes, he could work at a pickle store.
Because then aliens can still invade the pickle store.
In episode five, it doesn't matter.
If you want to get fired later, you
can figure out how to do it.
My boss stops all over my soul furiously and regularly.
Is it Maxigan?
How do I get paid more for enduring that?
I think this person's baiting me.
I got a book on tape at an airport.
Something about lion taming.
A guy that tamed lions wrote a book for CEOs or something.
He was writing a book, but it was all about it.
I listened to it for a while.
It was kind of interesting.
He was talking about basically how
to make assholes think that doing what you want is their idea.
Because that's what a lion tamer does.
Obviously, lions can rip your head off if they want to.
But what lion tamers are doing is convincing the lion that,
for instance, when they stand on those stupid little pedestals,
the lion thinks that it's defending the pedestal.
It thinks that it's pedestal and that the lion tamer really
wishes it could be up there.
And the lion's going like, stay away
from my shitty little bongo drum that I'm standing on.
And the audience is going, what a dumbass lion.
The lion is really proud of itself.
The answer to the question is somehow
you have to trick your dipshit boss
into thinking that he would be even dumber for not paying you
more.
I don't know how to do that.
Otherwise, I would have picked a better job than I picked.
I don't have any bosses.
When I, as soon as I do, I got three years before,
they're all over my ass and fire me.
I don't want to sound like a broken record, but I got fired.
What do you think?
I mean, this might be beating a dead horse,
but what do you think their justification is for firing you?
What would they say in the, like, if you, like,
Sorry, what was the question?
What would they, not their press release answer,
but why do you think they fired you?
Oh, it's cost-benefit ratio.
NBC moved the show to Friday night at 8.30,
and said only 13 episodes.
So that's NBC saying, you're basically almost canceled.
We're just about to cancel you.
So what is Sony going to do with that clock,
with that shot clock?
They're not going to give the ball to Psycho Pants.
Like, what am I going to do with 13 episodes?
It's not going to be the thing that makes NBC go, oh, shit,
we had you wrong.
Get this guy back at 8.00.
Put him at 9.30 on Thursday.
This guy's the best.
If your motivation is, like, to get a show running
and syndicated and as long as possible,
you definitely, it's not a dumb decision to bid me adieu.
That was just a boring answer.
I'm just an asshole that doesn't,
I don't take notes very well.
I don't like, you could give me five notes
that if one of them was what I was going to do already,
I'll say that's a good idea.
But it only fools them for three seasons.
Will drugs be allowed in Harmontown?
Yes, of course.
Would there be some drugs that you would not allow?
No, no, there can't be any.
Honestly, we have a big problem in this country right now
with momentum.
We are all freaked out because we go, oh, shit,
if you legalize this tomorrow, whether it's a certain kind
of gun and we all, all this stuff makes perfect sense,
but it's only given the situation that we have.
That's why we have to start over.
Because the truth is, hand grenades
should be able to grow on trees.
But we should have self-control.
We can't, because what if some guy just in his garage
invents tomorrow, just invents a laser wand
that if you touch people with it,
their body just disappears?
Does that guy get to be the most successful person
in the world because he invented that?
Because he can't be prosecuted for his crimes.
He can't be, he's just going to go up to people.
You don't have any evidence to convict him.
Like the mailman comes over and he goes, fuck you.
I don't like your cheekbones.
And he makes them disappear.
Does that guy get to be president?
Or is it wrong to hurt people and make them dead?
It's obviously the latter.
It's wrong to hurt people.
We have to remember that that's really
the star we're pursuing here.
We can't get too hung up in how to make nobody hurt anybody.
I told the story of, I never told it again,
because we did record it, and I'd
like to put it on the website.
But it's an old classic.
It's my origin story, the story of how my dad beat
the living fuck out of me and my brother
for playing with matches.
It's really my, it's my radioactive spider.
Because it explains almost everything
I can think of about my me as I am.
So my brother and I got caught playing with matches.
My brother loves setting stuff on fire.
He's fascinated with fire.
And he was five years older than me.
So we went out in the back bushes,
and we gathered some dry leaves, and he had a book of matches.
And we were lighting little piles of twigs and stuff on fire.
And my mom came looking for us.
And she caught us playing with matches.
So for this offense, as with all major ones,
the misdemeanor was always the wooden spoon.
My mom could handle that.
She had a big bag of wooden spoons,
because they would break on your ass to hit you.
You got a lot of wooden spoon people in the audience.
I can hear you.
I can feel you.
For the felony offenses, like playing with matches, big deals.
It was, wait till your father gets home.
And my dad didn't get home until like 9 PM usually.
He was a very hard worker.
And a lot of his job seemed to involve some Southern comfort.
And so he, you know, you don't mean porch swings and that.
So it's wait till your dad gets home.
You got caught playing with matches.
I'm telling you, this is going to be really bad, says mom.
My brother's freaked out.
He didn't usually freak out very easily.
This is a guy who once crawled out the bedroom window
in his Spider-Man pajamas just to go fight crime.
I admired his moxie.
He didn't seem to be afraid of much.
But he certainly, he knew that we were in for it.
My mom took me aside and said, Daniel,
you know those little stories you like to write?
Because I did like to write the little things that go,
Dan Harmon in the Fabulous Time Tunnel by Dan Harmon.
Like just these scrawling, like, you know,
just writing on typing paper and staple them together.
I got, I wrote a book.
Pay attention to me.
Once upon a time there was a bear in the bathtub.
Pulitzer, please.
I'm precocious.
My mom goes, I want you to write one of your stories for me
while you wait for your dad to get home.
I want you to write me a story about a little boy that
gets caught playing with matches and regrets it.
Was she that terrified for your safety?
We need to mitigate the beating that's about to go on?
I feel like part of her was going,
let's not lose the lesson.
But I think most of her was going, like,
I want to fuck with you.
I am basically the bad guy from Tango and Cash right now.
I want to just kind of psychologically, I don't know.
My mom's going to listen to this and go,
that's not what I was doing.
Thank you, you're so old, how do you know?
How do you know what you did?
What did you have for breakfast this morning, mom?
As a special request, as the story continues,
whenever she says anything, can you say it as Jack Pellance?
I'm from Tango and Cash.
I want you to write one of your stories.
No, I'm not going to do that.
But I want you to write it about a little boy
that gets caught playing with matches and learns to regret it.
So I think in my head, if I tackle this adequately,
this could be my ticket.
So I do, I sit down and I write, once upon a time,
there's a little boy I got to play.
I was like, just lose that fucking bear in the bathtub shit.
This is the real deal, Harmon.
No, but it's who you are, it's who you are.
Write what you know.
And a little boy got caught playing with matches.
And then as dad came home, I just went into all this detail
about whether lightning leaves in fire
and they thought it was a good idea, but boy, did they not
know that it wasn't.
And at the end of my story, the dad comes home
and he reads the story that the little boy wrote.
See, you're already getting it.
This is how I got fired.
It's like, this is confusing.
It's a story about a story.
You were meta, even back then.
I think just lazy, but yes, it came to be called meta.
At the time, we just called it zero research.
My dad, at the end of the story, the dad comes home, reads the
story and realizes that the kid felt so bad for playing with
matches that he didn't need his spanking.
And at the end, and I gave it to my mom, and my dad still
wasn't home, and my mom just read it and sighed,
oh, that's what she went through, huh, this is really good.
I don't buy the ending, for real.
Not kidding.
Third act problems.
Yeah.
So I'm sorry, I don't handle notes well.
Sometimes it means I'm going to die inside.
But she's right, you should have said, and then my father
came in, and he kicked the shit out of me.
And I called the police.
Right.
He's now serving 15 to 20 years in a minimum security
prison.
The neighbors came over and said, what the fuck is going on?
No one else is doing this.
You're insane.
This is like a horror movie.
My parents always said, later when everyone's parents, if
there's anyone in this room that's ever had hands-on
parents, you know the story, they always go,
they turn into little raisins.
They're fine.
You play pinocchio with them, and they're like,
you can never.
And they always go, it was the 70s.
Everyone was doing it.
And they're like, I didn't name three people who were doing
it.
John McEnroe?
Mary Lou Retton?
Who was doing it in the 70s?
Did you see it on a Wheaties box?
What are you talking about?
So yeah, then my dad came home, and the rest of the story
is terrible.
But I never got my spanking, actually,
because my brothers were so bad that there was a medical
tonsil ward.
Yeah, yeah.
My brother had recently had his tonsils taken out.
Shit takes a fucking turn.
And my dad, my dad often, I feel so bad if my parents
listen to this, because they're good people.
Everybody should understand that.
Now that we're podcasting it, I feel like you can't.
I think the statute of limitations is over.
No, but not on their emotions.
All right, yeah, you're probably right.
Yeah, you know what?
It would be like hitting my parents with a belt to talk
about it would hurt them at a very vulnerable time in their
lives when they can't do anything about it.
How about this?
Dan, why don't you tell the story?
We'll record it.
But before we air it, and we have the option to edit it,
have your mom and dad write a letter or a story about a son
who grows up to be a famous writer, has a podcast,
who can fucking lampoon those cock suckers.
Come on, you met my parents.
You love them.
They're great.
Everyone's great.
The whole world is great.
That's how we end up in these rules who are sealed off
from each other, not understanding things,
acting out.
My brother, my dad came home.
Matches.
All right, well, I know what I have to do, because my dad's
dad did it, and his dad's dad did it.
Never mind the fact that all these people are insane.
My dad took off his belt, and he always had this catchphrase
he'd say, this is going to hurt me a lot more than it's going
to hurt you.
But he was always so drunk he'd get it mixed up half the time.
And just say the scariest thing in the world,
this is going to hurt you more than it's going to hurt me.
I know that.
It's terrible.
And that's not the way it's supposed to work.
That's how cold I am.
It's like if a nurse said, you're
going to feel a large stabbing in your arm,
and then the blood's going to get siphoned out of your body.
But just think of puppies burning while I do it.
Now, what kind of father do you think you would make?
If you had kids, let's say you had two boys.
Let's say like five years from now, or six years from now,
you've got a five-year-old and a one-year-old.
What kind of father do you think you're prepared to be?
I don't know, man.
That really scares me.
My girlfriend's in the audience.
I was telling a story last week of how
I was working on shelving units, and Aaron was there,
and I cut the shelves wrong at Home Depot.
And they didn't fit for the third time back and forth.
And I just, you know, I kicked shit and threw shit.
Sometimes the cat, before I figured out what the cat was
doing, why it was meowing, it turns out
I had a toy in its mouth, and I wanted to give me the toy.
But I started to like, cat would just meow constantly.
And I was like, I don't know, I'd get up and chase it.
I'd be like, shut the fuck up.
You know, I'd get angry.
Because the cat was giving you notes?
Because I don't know if you've ever met a two-year-old.
They give you fucking notes.
They give you a lot of notes, yeah.
They're not called the constructive twos.
No, I'm aware of this.
I've met my friend's children, and I've read all about it.
And then it's only 13 years before they're adults that
can really, like, Dino's daughter now, adorable little
tigger, I don't know if I'm allowed to say names of people
who aren't even legally allowed to defend themselves.
But I'm not going to say anything bad about her.
She's a little woman now.
We've known her ever since she was a little kid.
My friend Dino had a little daughter.
And you used to just like, I remember when she liked,
she loved Bananas Foster.
It was a dessert that Dino would make for her.
And so I would do a little character called Bananas Foster.
And I'd go like, hey, I'm Bananas Foster.
And I'd do a little dance, and she'd giggle.
I was like a rock star.
And now she's just texting, and everyone's all like,
catch a cold glance.
And she's like, blech.
And I want to be like, fuck you.
Just because I'm not good at football.
There's that, too.
Like, kids, you've only got 12 years before they're actually,
like, when they hit puberty, they become like,
now they're rolling their eyes at you,
and they actually have eyes to roll.
And like, using sarcasm and stuff, like, that's only 12 years
after it was adorable for one year.
It's like, yeah, I'm preparing.
Do you want to have children?
I do, really badly.
But I just, I'm terrified that I'm not going to be able
to handle it.
Was the whimper you were, how you said that.
I feel, I really do.
I'm terrified I'm going to be a bad dad.
And I'm also, I definitely, the solution isn't to be one
of these horrible pussy dads that are all over LA.
You see people walking around Target,
and the kids just screaming their head off,
and the people are just going like, Martin,
use your indoor voice or whatever.
Like, come on, shame the kid.
It's public.
Like, my mom only had to have one conversation with me.
Like, she didn't need a wooden spoon for that.
Like, I said some shit too loud in a Target,
and she was like, you don't talk like that
outside the house.
And if she was allowed to, she would have said N-word.
Like, it seemed like that was coming, didn't it?
Like, she was like, back in the 70s, everybody was doing,
there was only one conversation.
And I was like, we don't, my mom would say it,
she would say it logically.
Like, I remember the logic seeping into my brain,
being a movie theater.
And she was like, what if everyone was talking right now?
Shut up.
Yeah.
I go, oh yeah, she's right.
She's got a point.
I remember, like, I was at a friend's house,
and I said something kind of rude in front of, like,
the kids that I went to school with.
It was like a new school if I had moved into a new neighborhood.
And I said something kind of cocky or, you know,
that suspend your disbelief.
I was a little, I came in a little high on some kid.
I probably said something kind of arrogant and shitty.
And the mother, who I'd known, you know, a few months,
pulled me into the kitchen and just went,
whack, across my face.
Just another woman slapped you, like, not your mom.
Oh yeah, some woman whom I will never remember her name.
She just pulled me into the kitchen.
Jeffrey, can I talk to you?
And I was, like, 12.
And she just co-lobbered me across the face.
And I was like, whoa.
And she's like, you're not better than my son.
Ooh.
And I was like, wow, me thinks he protests too much.
So I'm fucking her.
I'm fucking her.
That's a long story short.
And I mean, fucking her day.
I am really, like, she's getting that 12-year-old vitamin
JD.
Should we do a, I remember one time,
when I was 12, around that age, I remember this odd,
this actually bonded me with my mom in a way,
because I suddenly realized the cycle of abuse
that was really happening.
She told me to feed the cat.
And I went, yeah, yeah.
And as I said that, I opened the closet door where the cat food
was.
And I bent over to grab the can of cat food.
And I felt this unexpected sharp kick in my tailbone,
like, really hard.
Like, Charlie Brown going for the football hard.
Like, she just put everything into it.
But she wasn't Charlie Brown.
And my tailbone was there.
And if you've ever been kicked in the tailbone,
and also just any kind of unexpected impact with your body,
I had a can of cat food in my hand, and was 12 years old.
So I'm, like, cussing.
You know, I have testosterone, like,
starting to kind of go through my blood a little bit.
I probably had a little wispy, like, Hitler mustache
or something.
I got a little prepubescent, like, little
wisp on my upper lip.
And I instinctively, because some mammoth or saber-toothed
tiger is, like, kicking me in the tailbone,
I wheeled around, hefting this object in my hand,
this can of cat food.
And this was 80s cat food.
They used to come in big-ass cans
that you had to open with a device.
They hadn't figured out how to make portion them yet.
And I turned her out with this thing.
And my mom, who had just kicked me in the tailbone,
she, like, she made this sound in this face that was, like,
ah, like, she wilted, like, and I, and I,
Oh man!
Yeah.
And I said, it was like, oh, I get it.
It's just, like, white trash, like,
larva becoming a bee, you know.
Like, I'm supposed to do this now.
And I was like, what is your, what did you do?
And she's like, I thought you were being snotty.
She just, she didn't know what she was doing.
And she knew what I was supposed to do.
And she was okay with it?
And I literally broke that cycle there
in the pantry that day for my sockets.
I was like, Jesus Christ, no,
I'm not gonna bludgeon you to death
like Chris Penn at the end of Shortcuts.
And then have kids of my own
and find a nice closet to store our cat food in.
I'm not gonna keep doing this.
All right, let's do it.
We had some success with this as a closer for last week.
We got a bowl full of questions
that you could do a lightning round.
Speed round.
All of my answers will be five words.
Okay.
Yeah.
Three word answers.
I like their attitude.
Yeah.
And in honor of Erin McGathy's sound board last week,
I don't have the sound board,
but just Erin, I want you to do a lightning round.
If you can yell it loud enough, the theme song.
Everybody, welcome to the Harmontown lightning round.
Dad, dad, dad, dad.
Duh.
If you could have sex with any mythical creature,
which would you pick and why?
Oh, you wish you had those five words now.
Seribus comma more mouths.
Duh.
This is as written.
I'm gonna read it as written.
Would ever write a play?
Yes, would.
Lady.
Are you a conspiracy theorist?
If so, do you have one in particular you firmly believe?
Well, Jews.
Pfft.
It was a joke I mined getting shot in the head.
I said, my, there'll be a gunshot later on.
How can I get my producing career back on track?
Pfft.
I'm offended, asshole.
Oh, yeah.
Cause isn't that a, that's a bit, right?
It's not like Michael Bay's sitting in the back
then really wants to know that from me.
I think, no, I think there might be somebody
who actually had a producing career.
Oh, no, no, no, you're saying that they're just saying.
Yeah, they're kind of going.
They're taking the piss at him.
Yeah.
I haven't lost enough weight,
but I have a nice black shirt.
Should I wear that?
Like they're kind of like, like.
How do I get a podcast without a structure?
Yeah.
Yeah, should I just do it?
How do I raise 200,000 plus on Kickstarter
without an established brand?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, now they're coming right at you.
Again, dick head.
How many hand jobs?
Pfft.
That's like, by the way, that was one of the questions
in the Dao De Jing.
At least 20.
Fair enough.
How do you maintain hope for humanity
after things like the dark night rises shooting?
Ooh.
Oh.
This is Max, right?
That's not you?
Okay.
He's talking to silly.
No, no, no, let's take it serious.
Let's take it serious.
Is that, is that a word?
No.
Is that, is that?
That's what it was.
Uh, uh, no, no.
Uh, no, no.
It's a no, no.
Lassie, what are you trying to say?
You okay?
Take it serious.
Realize.
All right, painted himself into a corner.
Mankind fails.
Sorry.
Aaron, theme song.
All right.
Got time for 10 more.
How do I pass a piss drug test?
Penny in armpit.
He's not lying.
This one's just blank.
You want to answer that one?
So symbolic.
Right?
If, uh, if I blow a guy to get a job in Hollywood,
should I swallow dad, you're drunk.
Thank you very much.
You're coming to Harmontown.
We did it one more time.
You want to thank the people.
I'll thank the people.
First of all, your mayor, Dan Harmon,
would you have one more time?
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
I'd like to thank Katie Levine for doing
our audio recording.
Zac McKeever, our tech technician guy.
Emily Gordon, the producer.
Daniel Kramer, program director.
Dustin Marshall, podcast producer.
Mo Fathelbab, on-site director.
And Jenny Fine, our fantastic artist.
And I want to thank you all one more time
for sitting down and answering the hard questions, everybody.
We will see you next week in Harmontown.